feat: add orders overview doc (#1494)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/order/overview.mdx

---
title: Overview
---

> Orders capture the purchasing process between customers and the store. They record what items were bought, at what price, by whom, and how they should be delivered. Orders are created when [customers finalize their checkout](/developer/checkout/lifecycle.mdx#completing-checkout) or when staff members create draft orders in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orders capture the purchasing process between customers and the store. They record what items were bought, at what price, by whom, and how they should be delivered. Orders are created when [customers finalize their checkout](/developer/checkout/lifecycle.mdx#completing-checkout) or when staff members finalize draft orders in the dashboard.
```

- **[`allowUnpaidOrders`](/api-reference/miscellaneous/objects/order-settings#ordersettingsallowunpaidordersboolean---)**: Determines whether a checkout must be paid before an order can be created.
- **[`expireOrdersAfter`](/api-reference/miscellaneous/objects/order-settings#ordersettingsexpireordersafterminute--)**: Configures how long unpaid orders remain active before being marked as expired. Set in minutes.
- **[`deleteExpiredOrdersAfter`](/api-reference/miscellaneous/objects/order-settings#ordersettingsdeleteexpiredordersafterday---)**: Determines how many days after expiration an order will be permanently deleted from the system.
- **[`automaticallyFulfillNonShippableGiftCard`](/api-reference/miscellaneous/objects/order-settings#ordersettingsautomaticallyfulfillnonshippablegiftcardboolean---)**: When enabled, all non-shippable gift card orders will be fulfilled automatically.

> - **[`markAsPaidStrategy`](/api-reference/miscellaneous/objects/order-settings#ordersettingsmarkaspaidstrategymarkaspaidstrategyenum---)**: Determines what strategy will be used to mark the order as paid.

Reviewer: Perhaps a relative link to Transaction and Payment API could be used there
```suggestion
- **[`markAsPaidStrategy`](/api-reference/miscellaneous/objects/order-settings#ordersettingsmarkaspaidstrategymarkaspaidstrategyenum---)**: Determines whether Payment or Transaction is created when order is manually marked as paid in Saleor Dashboard or using `orderMarkAsPaid` mutation
```
